To play Lost Goldfish load press the play button from the main menu then either tap left or right on the phone screen to move in the tapped direct, or on PC use the A or D keys to move left and right respectively. Sharks cause a point of damage, and the game resets to the menu when your HP drops to zero. Picking up hearts in the game replenishes your HP (to a maximum of 5) and coins increment your score.
I did not add any features (not including the hearts), but I wanted to implement another power up that slowed the player down briefly before returning them to their previous speed, as well as a power up that allowed the player to jump over sharks. The former was not included because of difficulties I faced in keeping the spacing between waves consistent during the slow down and the latter because it would have required additional animation which would have taken time away from working on the more key aspects of the game.
I ran into a few other issues, such as a camera problem when going between the menu and the game which meant the camera would not track the player properly. This was resilved when I deleted the Menu Scene and built it from scratch again. I also faced some issues with the build, as my version of Unity had not properly installed the Android SDK, JDK, & NDK.
If I were to do the project from scratch again I'd look to rectify a few issues I find with it. Primarily the lack of consistency in the aesthetic, whilst not a major concern it was mildly infuriating after a while to look at this various jumble of art syles I'd chosen based on what was readily available. Secondly I'd smoothen the transition between game and menu. The game starts straight away, very quickly once you press the play button and would probably benefit from a more gentle pace to start that ramps up a bit slower than it currently does. Also I'd have liked to include a small pop up window upon game over that allows the player to restart from there or return to the menu. This isn't in the current version because similar to the powerups I wanted to make the core gameplay feel more polished, rather than dedicate the time to a quality of life issue. 
Roughly I spent around 14 hours on the project.
Art sources:
Shark - https://rpgtileset.com/fish/larger-sharks-sprite-for-rpg-maker-mv/
Heart - https://dinopixel.com/pixel-art/heart/14
Coin - http://pixelartmaker.com/art/52ea0019957650a
Player Character - Sprite was drawn by me using https://co.pinterest.com/pin/835699274586919134/ as a reference, which appears to be a reposting of a stock image from shutterstock's library